translation from c00/30/16 to 20 (#66)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/17/4/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//

> この様な間抜けな女は、失望されて当然ですね……=A woman as dumb as myself deserves to be dissapointed...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
この様な間抜けな女は、失望されて当然ですね……=A woman as dumb as me deserves to be disappointed...
```

> ……見て見ぬふりをされるのが、一番辛いです。=...The hardest thing is to overlook this.

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure on this, but...
```suggestion
……見て見ぬふりをされるのが、一番辛いです。=...It's hard to be ignored.
```

Author: i think she's actually refering to it being hard to get over the fact that he's abandoning her when in need.  (she's at favor affection, so she likely had expectations)

Reviewer 2: Now I'm not sure what she's saying... could it be: `...it'll be hard to pretend I didn't see you there.` (like she knows he came, saw her, and left, and really wishes he hadn't)

Reviewer 2: I think go with `...It will be hard to forgive this.`

困っている人を助けることもしないのですね。=You don't even help people in need.

> ここで放置プレイですか……勿論、嫌いではありません。=Is this neglect play? ...Of course, I don't mind it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ここで放置プレイですか……勿論、嫌いではありません。=Are you going to abandon me here? ...Fine, I don't care.
```

Author: girl is slave, and there apparently is some sort of kinky foreplay/sex involving neglect. it's not like she doesn't care, in fact, she's really interested.
how do you want to proceed?

Reviewer 2: `Fine, I don't care.` when he leaves would imply she really does care and is upset he chose to leave her.  `Fine, see if I care` could also work.

Author: i don't want to make it seem like i'm inflexible, but i don't exactly think that's the idea behind this line. you can listen to the girl if you open bdata\sound\data\pcm\c00\adv\30.unity3d in sb3u and then go to "hsa_00_015_07_03_00_00". she really doesn't strike me like she's upset :P

Reviewer 2: Ok, in that case: `Well, I don't mind.` maybe?  `Of course, I don't mind it.` doesn't sound right to me.
